Pass GITHUB_TOKEN to link check if applicable (#2729)
JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Unreleased

> ### Fixed
> 
> * Fixed GitHub rate limiting of link checks by passing `GITHUB_TOKEN` when applicable. ([#2729])

Reviewer: Just bikeshedding the changelog. _Technically_, nothing was broken in Documenter.

```suggestion
### Changed

* Work around GitHub rate limiting of link checks by passing `GITHUB_TOKEN` when applicable and available. ([#2729])
```
